feat: save identity data to sf's config and to the server (#89)
salesforcecli/plugin-lightning-dev: messages/shared.utils.md

# config-utils.token-desc

> The identity data is a data structure that ties together a single local web server identity token to multiple orgs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The identity data is a data structure that links the local web server's identity token to the user's configured Salesforce orgs.
```
